[DOCS] Add `ssl.verification_mode` to secure settings (#89981)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/ssl-settings.asciidoc

endif::client-auth-default[]
endif::server[]

+{ssl-prefix}.ssl.verification_mode+::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)

> Defines how to verify the certificates presented by another party in the TLS 
> connection. This setting accepts the following values for TLS _clients_, but 
> should not be set for TLS _servers_:

Reviewer: This assumes that the reader understands what _clients_ and _servers_ means with enough depth to know when they should/shouldn't make use of it. I don't think experience supports that assumption.

Something more along these lines (I didn't do any word-smithing here, it's totally a first draft)

```suggestion
ifdef::verifies[]
The SSL settings in `{ssl-prefix}.ssl` control a _server context_ for TLS. The use of `verification_mode` in a TLS _server_ is discouraged. 
endif::verifies[]
Defines how to verify the certificates presented by another party in the TLS 
connection:
```

Author: >The SSL settings in `{ssl-prefix}.ssl` control a _server context_ for TLS. The use of `verification_mode` in a TLS _server_ is discouraged. 

If we're fairly certain that users don't know what _servers_ refers to, do we anticipate that our users know what a _server context_ is? Perhaps we need to provide some additional context 😆 Sorry, bad joke. Perhaps something like:

>The SSL settings in `{ssl-prefix}.ssl` control a _server context_ for TLS, which defines the settings for the TLS connection. The use of `verification_mode` in a TLS _server_ is discouraged.

Reviewer 2: @tvernum What do you think about Adam's suggestion? Let's get this PR merged... :)

Reviewer: I'm happy with Adam's suggestion. My main intention is that `ifndef::verifies[]`, we include some sort of warning that says "you don't really want to do this". That is, we don't assume that the reader knows whether an SSL context is "client" or "server" - we explicitly tell them whenever it's a server context and steer them away from this setting.

endif::client-auth-default[]
endif::server[]

ifdef::server[]
+{ssl-prefix}.ssl.verification_mode+::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)
Defines how to verify the certificates presented by another party in the TLS 
connection. This setting accepts the following values for TLS _clients_, but 

> should not be set for TLS _servers_:

Reviewer 3: The content is 
> accepts the following values for TLS _clients_, but should not be set for TLS _servers_

But the condition check is
> ifdef:server[]

I think they contradcit to each other: "If it is a server definition, show this setting that is for client only"?

Watcher settings in `notification-settings.asciidoc` have `:server!:`. With the proposed change, this setting will no longer show up for watchers. I think it's wrong because watchers are TLS clients.

Also, if we no longer need `verifies`, it would be great to remove them from other places.

Author: You're right, this check isn't needed here. I'm wondering if it's needed elsewhere. In [`security-settings.asciidoc`,](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blame/main/docs/reference/settings/security-settings.asciidoc#L2437) the definition for `:server:` is included for both the HTTP and Transport settings, but has no value in either case. So every field without an `ifdef` statement is included, plus any field where `ifdef:server[]` is defined -- there's no exclusion happening, so it seems like defining `:server:` isn't necessary.

(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)
include::{es-repo-dir}/settings/common-defs.asciidoc[tag=ssl-certificate-authorities]

+{ssl-prefix}.ssl.verification_mode+::
(<<static-cluster-setting,Static>>)
include::{es-repo-dir}/settings/common-defs.asciidoc[tag=ssl-verification-mode]

> 

Reviewer 3: Do we need a new block since there is an existing one at line 29 of the same file? The existing block is controlled by `ifdef::verifies[]` and existing HTTP SSL setting section has this variable set to false `:verifies!`. Adding a new block here makes it show up twice for Transport SSL settings.

Author: Thanks for pointing out this discrepancy! I changed the `ifdef` statement to `ifdef:server` so that the same definition can be used in both the HTTP and Transport contexts.
